Question 1.1:
A primary key is used to identify every row in a table individually. The primary key does not allow any two rows to have the same primary key value or null values. Each table is only able to have one primary key, which can consist of one or multiple columns, depending on the type of primary key. A foreign key, is a section in a table that references the primary key of another table. The foreign key ensures that the value in the foreign key column corresponds with a valid value in the chose table's primary key. This value can also be a null value. Any one table can have multiple foreign keys. The primary key is used to identify identifies information within its own table. While a foreign key acts as a link between different tables through the use of the primary key in another table.

Question 1.2:
The 'Finally' block in Python is used to ensure that certain aspects of the code will always be executed regardless of the successful execution of other blocks of the code. By using the 'finally' block, critical cleanup code isn't missed, therefore maintaining code reliability. The 'Finally' block in Python may be used as code and resource management tasks, e.g. closing files. Use of the 'finally' block;

finally:
    file.close()
    print("File closed.")

Question 1.3:
Git commit is a local function used to save file changes to the local repository. This function enables the user to track changes, and return to previous versions of the code. This command is seen as "git commit -m "XYZ"". A git push is a remote function that transfers local commits to a remote repository, allowing your changes to be seen by collaborators and ensuring synchronisation between local and remote repositories. The command for pushing changes to the remote repository is 'git push'.Commit is also seen as indipendent from the remote repository, while the git push command depends on the transfer of local commits.

Question 1.4:
The 2 APIs Google Maps API and Spotify Web API

1. Google Maps API
The Google Maps API provides developers access to Google's mapping and location services. This API allows applications to integrate features such as interactive mapping, direct and reverse geocoding and route planning. The use of this API would allow the user to embed this mapping and location information directly into various applications or websites. An example use is an application or website similar to 'Geoguesser', the API is used to randomly display an undisclosed location using Google Maps images and map locations after the answer is correctly or incorrectly answered. 
2. Spotify Web API
The Spotify API allows for users to acces Spotify's music catalog, playlist collection, user-data, and various other platform interactions. This API can be used to create applications featuring music discovery, demograpphic information, artist or album information, and playlist creation/ managment.

Question 1.5:
The Product Owner in Agile plays a crucial role in defining product direction, ensuring stakeholder alignment, guiding Sprint execution, and making strategic decisions that drive the product's success. Their responsibilities span from managing backlog priorities to fostering collaboration and empowering the team to deliver customer-focused solutions.
The PO manages the product backlog, as well as a prioritised list of features and potential imporvements for the product. This involves researching requirements from stakeholders and translating them into user interests. Prioritisation can be based on factors such as, customer feedback, dependencies and business value.
The PO also communicates the product idea, manages expectations and gathers feedback from the consumer and stakeholders. This allows stakeholders to be informed and all core needs are met.
During sprint planning, the PO works within a team in order to prioritise backlog items, clarifies requirments, and defines core criteria and expectations. Finally, the PO holds the decision making power concerning prioritsation, release and risk analysis. 

Question 1.6:
An inner join retrieves records that have matching values in both tables based on a specific condition.The inner Join then combines rows from the 2 selected tables where the specified conditions are met. An example of this may be all book ID's found in a library and another table specifying the different departments of the library. In this case the inner join would return the 'BookID', 'BOOKName', and 'Deparment' for each book that belongs to the chosen department.
A left outer join returns all records from the first table and the matched records from the second table based on a decided join condition. In this case, if there aren't any matches NULL values are returned as a result. This will return the 'BookID', 'BOOKName', and 'Deparment' for each book. If a book isn't assigned a department, NULL will be seen in the 'Department' column.

Question 1.7
Mutable data in Python can be changed after its created. This means that its contents can be changed without changing its identity. E.g: (In this example my_list is mutable)

my_list = [1, 2, 3, 4]
my_list.append(5)
print(my_list)  
my_list[0] = 22
print(my_list) 

Immutable data cannot be changed after they have been made. If the user tries to change this data a new object is made. Immutable data is considered 'safer' to use in multibranch applications as they cannot be changed after initial creation. E.g. (The user information is immutable)

user_info = {
    "name": "John Doe",
    "email": "john.doe@example.com",
    "username": "johndoe123"
}

print(user_info["email"])  

Question 1.8:
The waterfall approach is a linear method in software development where progress is considered a downwards steady flow through defined phases. Each phase has to be completed before moving on to the next phase, but there is room for changes once each phase is completed. The phases included in the waterfall approach are; requirements, design, implementation, verification and maintenance. The advantages of the waterfall approach are its clear structured nature and its predictability, allowing work and progress to be clear and consice. Eventhough the waterfall method is clear and structured, it may be considered inflexible as changes in requirments may be difficult to accomodate, and therefore there is a higher risk of failure as issues may be discovered late.
Agile is a incremental approach to software development. It focuses on flexibility, collaboration and stable improvement. Tasks are broken up into smaller units called sprints, with each sprint producing a product increment.The advantages of Agile methodology is its flexible nature, producing a higher customer satisfaction and reduced risk of issues. Although the agile method has its advantages it is also seen to produce issues within larger projects where coordination is more difficults.

Differences:
1. The waterfall method makes changes in requirements difficult to accomodate once the project has moved beyond that stage. Whilst the agile method allows changes to any section of the project at anytime before the deadline.
2. The agile method delivers working software in increments, with each section or sprint adding value and functionality to the project. This allows for quicker delivery and feedback incorporation. While the waterfall method delivers the entire project at the project deadline, whilst not allowing for feedback incorporation after section completeion, therefore making projects take longer than in the Agile method.
